feat(matchers): add expect(locator).toContainClass() (#14219)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-locatorassertions.md

### option: LocatorAssertions.toBeVisible.timeout = %%-js-assertions-timeout-%%
### option: LocatorAssertions.toBeVisible.timeout = %%-csharp-java-python-assertions-timeout-%%

## async method: LocatorAssertions.toContainClass
* langs:
  - alias-java: containClass

> Ensures the [Locator] points to an element with classList contains expected CSS classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensures the [Locator] points to an element with which contains the given CSS classes.
```

> In contrast to `toHaveClass` which checks class attribute as a string, `toContainClass` checks classList.contains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to `toHaveClass` which requires that the [Locator] has exactly the provided classes, `toContainClass` verifies that the [Locator] has a subset (or all) the given CSS classes.
```

```html
<div class='foo bar baz' id='component'>
  <div class='item alice'></div>
  <div class='item bob'></div>
</div>
```

```js
const locator = page.locator('#component');
await expect(locator).toContainClass('bar baz'); // pass, both classes are on element
await expect(locator).toContainClass('ba'); // fail, no regex or substring matching

const itemLocator = page.locator('#component .alice');
await expect(itemLocator).toContainClass(['alice', 'bob']); // pass, first element has alice, second bob
await expect(itemLocator).toContainClass('item'); // fail, length mismatch
```

```java

> assertThat(page.locator("#component")).containClass(Pattern.compile("bar"));

Author: Thanx for helping me with English) I made some changes in Python/Java/.NET examples as well. I hope my understanding of these languages syntax is correct.

> ```java

Author: I just copypasted docs for toHaveClass and renamed it :)

### option: LocatorAssertions.toHaveClass.timeout = %%-js-assertions-timeout-%%
### option: LocatorAssertions.toHaveClass.timeout = %%-csharp-java-python-assertions-timeout-%%

## async method: LocatorAssertions.toContainClass
* langs:
  - alias-java: containClass

Ensures the [Locator] points to an element with classList which contains given CSS class.
In contrast to toHaveClass, toContainClass checks just one class on element with many classes.

```js
const locator = page.locator('#component');
await expect(locator).toContainClass('selected');
```

```java
assertThat(page.locator("#component")).hasClass(Pattern.compile("selected"));
```

```python async
from playwright.async_api import expect

locator = page.locator("#component")

> await expect(locator).to_have_class(re.compile(r"selected"))

Reviewer: make sure to also use the right wording for the examples.

Author: Yeah) Im not sure I unterstand how that magic works, but probably toContainClass should be reflected as to_contain_class for python and ToContainClassAsync for csharp.

Reviewer: yup!

Author: fixed
